Flow tutorial doc update mk2 (#80)
hazelcast/hz-flow-docs: docs/modules/guides/pages/work-with-xml.adoc

image:2architecture-overview.png[The services in our demo]

We'll combine these together to create a single endpoint that exposes a REST API which returns the data from all three services.

> == Set up

Reviewer: Extremely nitpicky, but I think this should be Setup or Set up [something]

To get started with {short-product-name}, follow the instructions at xref:deploy:development-deployments.adoc[Developer setup].

Create a new Taxi project, for example, called `xml-and-json`. 

With {short-product-name}, instead of using integration code, schemas are used to describe  data sources which {short-product-name} uses to link everything together. Some services publish their own schemas (e.g. XSDs or WSDLs) but the following example shows how to do this without schemas, with everything written in Taxi. If you have existing schemas, you can skip these steps. 

> == Describe the Film Service

Reviewer 2: Sentence case!

First, we'll write Taxi code that describes our Film service. This is an HTTP operation that returns a list of films.

> In the Taxi model, you'll notice  that the name of the field is comprised of special types which will be used to share data across services, and connect them together. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Taxi model, you'll notice that the name of the field is composed of special types that will be used to share data across services and connect them together. 
```

"comprises" or "is composed of", if we're being strict

This means we are not coupled to field names, which are free to change without impacting our model. 

> [tabs]

Reviewer 2: Yeah, same experience but also like the compactness. I think these samples need more explicit signposting and even numbered steps as Rob notes earlier. If user has to create the 1st file and gets the 2nd file as a result we should be explicit about that, especially when we're using these code tabs in a different way (which I'm ok with if it coheres and is easy to understand).

=== Restructure the result

> To remove the `item` wrapper (which is carried over from the XML format), we can change the query to just ask for a `Film[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the `item` wrapper (which is carried over from the XML format), we can change the query to just ask for a `Film[]`:
```
